# Vision Algorithms for Mobile Robotics - Project

## Installation

### Prerequisites
- [Anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/products/distribution) or [Miniconda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html) (for managing the environment)
- [Python 3.9](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

### Setting Up the Conda Environment
1. Clone the repository to your local machine:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/alenfrey/vamr-project
   cd vamr-project
   ```

2. Create and activate the Conda environment, and install the required packages:
   ```
   conda env create -f env.yml
   conda activate vamr
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

### Installing the Project in Editable Mode

The requirements.txt file contains a line that looks like this:

```
pip install -e .
```
This installs the project locally in editable mode, to make it eaasier to import files from the project into scripts or notebooks using absolute imports. This is also the recommended way to install your project when you want to use it in other projects. Without this line, files like `data/download_kitti.py` cannot import `constants.py` as easily as currently implemented.

## Usage
ToDo: Explain how to run the project after installation. Include examples of how to use it, any necessary commands, and what the expected output is.

## Testing

This project uses `pytest` and `Hypothesis` for testing to ensure code quality and reliability. Here's how you can run tests and contribute to them.

### Running Tests

To run the tests, navigate to the project root directory in your terminal and execute the following command:

```bash
pytest
```

`pytest` will automatically discover and run all tests in the project, including those generated by `Hypothesis`.

### Writing Tests

Our tests are located in the `tests` directory. When writing tests, its helpful to adhere to the following guidelines:

#### Naming Conventions
   - Test files should be named `test_<module>.py` where `<module>` corresponds to the module being tested.
   - Test functions should start with `test_`.

#### Structure
   - Group tests logically by functionality within the test files.
   - Use `Hypothesis` for generating a wide range of input scenarios, especially for edge cases.


## Formatting Code
Run the following command from the root directory of the project with the Conda environment activated to format the code using Black:
   ```
   black .
   ```
   
This is important for being able to compare code changes in git (git diff) in a meaningful way without being distracted by formatting differences.

## Docstring Style
ToDo: Discuss, decide and add docstring style 

